README.md, before:

# Build a Rails App with a Angular Front End

## Overview

In this app you'll be making a Single Page Angular App

## Requirements

### Angular

1. Must use an Angular Front-End that includes at least **5 pages**
2. Must contain some sort of nested views
3. Must contain some sort of searching as well as filtering based on some criteria. Ex: All items in the "fruit" category, or all tasks past due
4. Must contain at least one page that allows for dynamic updating of a single field of a resource. Ex: Allow changing of quantity in a shopping cart
5. Links should work correctly. Ex: Clicking on a product in a list, should take you to the show page for that product
6. Data should be validated in Angular before submission
7. Must talk to the Rails backend using `$http` and Services.

### Rails

1. Backend created with JSON that accepts and stores the data for Angular

## Instructions

1. Create a new repository for this project
2. Submit that repo to the assessment immediately.
3. Build your app there. Make sure to commit early and commit often.
4. Record at least a 30 min coding session. During the session, either think out loud or not. It's up to you. You don't need to submit it, but we may ask for it at a later time.
5. Submit a video of how a user would interact with your working web app.
6. Submit the url to your github project
7. Write a blog post about the project and process.


## If you're a Learn-Verified Premium student:

We should reach out to you soon to schedule a pairing process. If you don't hear from us in 48 hours after submission, reach out to us on Slack!

### Be Prepared to:

1. Explain your code from execution point to exit point. We're making sure you wrote it and understand how it works, nothing else. 5-10 minutes
2. Write tests together. You'll be responsible for making tests pass, not writing test code. However, you'll be expected to provide expected return data of methods. You'll need to know how your code should work, not rspec or testing. 20-30 minutes
3. Refactor code. 20-30 minutes
4. Extend the application with a new feature, more data, a different domain etc. 20-30 minutes
5. Submit an improved version.
6. Write a README.md.

### What to expect from the pairing session

- Use the best vocabulary you can. Technical terms allow for you to be more precise which makes conversations about code much easier.
- If you make a mistake, correct yourself! We all make mistakes, I promise.
- Trust yourself
- Trust us
- Think on your feet. Feel free to look things up while you're pairing with us. You'll be asked to expand on concepts you implemented and you will be pushed to the edge of your knowledge.
- Explain the details. We're curious!
- You're going to learn a ton. We will give pointers and show you ways to improve your code. This isn't telling you that your code is wrong, it's simply us teaching. Whatever you don't quite understand will be explained

### What won't happen:

- You won't be told you're ever wrong
- You won't be yelled at, belittled, or scolded
- You won't be put on the spot without support
- There's nothing you can do to instantly fail or blow it.

<p data-visibility='hidden'>View <a href='https://learn.co/lessons/rails-angular-assessment'>Rails Angular Assessment</a> on Learn.co and start learning to code for free.</p>

<p class='util--hide'>View <a href='https://learn.co/lessons/rails-angular-assessment'>Rails Angular Assessment</a> on Learn.co and start learning to code for free.</p>

Commit message:

First cut of spec file and instructions

README.md, after:

# Build a Rails App with a Angular Front End

## Overview

In this app you'll be making a Single Page Angular App

## Requirements

### Angular

1. Must use an Angular Front-End that includes at least **5 pages**
2. Must contain some sort of nested views
3. Must contain some sort of searching as well as filtering based on some criteria. Ex: All items in the "fruit" category, or all tasks past due
4. Must contain at least one page that allows for dynamic updating of a single field of a resource. Ex: Allow changing of quantity in a shopping cart
5. Links should work correctly. Ex: Clicking on a product in a list, should take you to the show page for that product
6. Data should be validated in Angular before submission
7. Must talk to the Rails backend using `$http` and Services.

### Rails

1. Backend created with JSON that accepts and stores the data for Angular

## Instructions
1. Create a new repository on GitHub for your Angular Application.
2. When you create the Angular app for your assessment, add the spec.md file from this repo to the root directory of the project, commit it to Git and push it up to GitHub.
3. Submit that repo to the assessment immediately.
4. Build your app there. Make sure to commit early and commit often. Commit messages should be meaningful (clearly describe what you're doing in the commit) and accurate (there should be nothing in the commit that doesn't match the description in the commit message). Good rule of thumb is to commit every 3-7 mins of actual coding time. Most of your commits should have under 15 lines of code and a 2 line commit is perfectly acceptable. **This is important and you'll be graded on this**.
5. Make sure to check each box in your spec.md (replace the space between the square braces with an x) and explain next to each one how you've met the requirement *before* you submit your project.
5. Record at least a 30 min coding session. During the session, either think out loud or not. It's up to you. You don't need to submit it, but we may ask for it at a later time.
6. Submit a video of how a user would interact with your working web app.
7. Submit the url to your github project
8. Write a blog post about the project and process.


## If you're a Learn-Verified Premium student:

We should reach out to you soon to schedule a pairing process. If you don't hear from us in 48 hours after submission, reach out to us on Slack!

### Be Prepared to:

1. Explain your code from execution point to exit point. We're making sure you wrote it and understand how it works, nothing else. 5-10 minutes
2. Write tests together. You'll be responsible for making tests pass, not writing test code. However, you'll be expected to provide expected return data of methods. You'll need to know how your code should work, not rspec or testing. 20-30 minutes
3. Refactor code. 20-30 minutes
4. Extend the application with a new feature, more data, a different domain etc. 20-30 minutes
5. Submit an improved version.
6. Write a README.md.

### What to expect from the pairing session

- Use the best vocabulary you can. Technical terms allow for you to be more precise which makes conversations about code much easier.
- If you make a mistake, correct yourself! We all make mistakes, I promise.
- Trust yourself
- Trust us
- Think on your feet. Feel free to look things up while you're pairing with us. You'll be asked to expand on concepts you implemented and you will be pushed to the edge of your knowledge.
- Explain the details. We're curious!
- You're going to learn a ton. We will give pointers and show you ways to improve your code. This isn't telling you that your code is wrong, it's simply us teaching. Whatever you don't quite understand will be explained

### What won't happen:

- You won't be told you're ever wrong
- You won't be yelled at, belittled, or scolded
- You won't be put on the spot without support
- There's nothing you can do to instantly fail or blow it.

<p data-visibility='hidden'>View <a href='https://learn.co/lessons/rails-angular-assessment'>Rails Angular Assessment</a> on Learn.co and start learning to code for free.</p>

<p class='util--hide'>View <a href='https://learn.co/lessons/rails-angular-assessment'>Rails Angular Assessment</a> on Learn.co and start learning to code for free.</p>
